hey everybody I'm sitting here in the
spin room and the middle it's November
20th in I'm sitting in our spin room
it's actually like 60 some degrees
outside but I want you guys to not
forget about spinning but definitely
tomorrow would probably be a nice data
right outside one of the last few so you
are forgiven if you don't show up for
spin class but I want everybody to start
thinking about this winter when we get a
big snowstorm big bigger the better I
want you to get your bikes ready so that
when that happens I'll send out a
message to everybody we'll meet at the
store in the evening with our lights
okay almost everybody has lights if not
we got plenty of life sky all right and
most important are the tires with the
little metal studs in it okay you cannot
fall you cannot fall when you ride with
these tires I don't know if you can see
those up clothes but look 150 metal
studs in that time okay you want to get
your bikes ready one of your stunt tires
ready go light on your bike that's good
too and then don't forget about spin
class saturday morning saturday morning
at seven forty-five but very popular
right after that at nine o'clock and
then right now monday and wednesday at
7pm so we'll see you there don't forget
what's their mountain bikes ready you
can use your old junky mountain bike and
I'll put a little footage in here last
winter out big storms we had in March I
did a three hour ride from naugatuck it
was painful and everything
oh wow
how hard your nut look at these tires
zoom right in running on these tires do
all any questions why that's why i said
i did this movement that was a good
solid three hours of pain and agony well
I'm thoroughly impressed I'm gonna come
again tattoo that says I ball again well
you let me know when you decide it was
worth it oh maybe tomorrow well judging
by the look of the weather just here off
the building ya know I could been nasty
nice all right now I just got to take
off pictures so that's one cool ride
you